Each condition contains 2xTextgrids and 1x stereo sound file (that contains both of the two speakers). 

In file name, the first ID is the lead speaker (Speaker A) -> textgrid is filename + Ac
The second ID is the more passive participant (Speaker B) -> textgrid is filename + Bc

The transcribed data has been automatically transcribed with cloud-based automatic transcription system Speechmatics (https://www.speechmatics.com/transcribe/)
Speaker A textgrids have been manually corrected for word level alignment and any error in word transcription. 
Speaker B textgrid alignment has not been corrected apart from tagging backchannels and bell presses. 

Corrections to the transcripts were done in upper case so the transcripts are a combination of lower-case and upper-case letters. 

The start of every audio file contained a small amount of task-irrelevant chat between participants or between participants and the experimenter. This had been annotated as <GA> and has been replaced by silence, thus maintaining the original file duration.  
The files were checked for instances of first names to ensure anonymisation. Any name-related audio segments were replaced by a 15kHz tone (with a 1ms intensity ramp). The intensity of this tone was fixed at 20% of the audio’s rms. In the textgrid, the interval containing the name was replaced with [name deleted]
Instances of shouting (often by younger child participants) had been tagged as GA and not used in the analysis. In that case, only the tone replacement was done in the case a first name was spoken as there were no names in the textgrid. 


NOTE: A secondary task was additionally carried out during Diapix conversations. 
At random intervals, either talker heard one out of two possible auditory cues (either a dog barking or a car horn honking) to which they had to either react by pressing a bell (dog bark) or inhibit a response (car horn). 
Car horn/dog barks were presented at 80 dB so +8 dB in noise conditions and 30 dB in NORM.
Randomised order for each condition and each of the talkers (ie did not have the same sequence so they couldn’t copy each other’s presses). 
The audio files therefore include dog barks and car horn honks; the textgrid files include transcriptions of <BELL> to indicate a participant's bell press. 


 