Below are a set of transcription conventions that were used in the transcription of files. 
Note that Speaker B files have not been corrected so these conventions have not been applied. B files have only been corrected for bell presses and backchannelling. 

Silent portions – these are either marked as “SILP” or “SIL”
SILP is used for between-speaker pauses, i.e., when the person on the other channel is talking and the target speaker is silent, or when the person on the other channel interrupts the target speaker. 
SIL is used for within-speaker pauses, which are silences within the talker's speech, during which the conversation partner does not start to speak or interrupt the target speaker.

Speaker-related and external noise – all noise was marked as <GA>, e.g. when a speaker coughs, sneezes, laughs, or when the experimenter can be heard in the background 
the beginning of each conversation (before Diapix picture discussion began) was also marked as <GA> and the audio signal has been replaced by silence for this portion.  

Backchannels for Talker B- in order to distinguish between backchannelling and answers to yes or no questions, all Talker B backchannels were transcribed as "yeah", "yea", "yep", "yap", "yup", "uhuh", "hm", & "hmm"
answers to yes or no questions, on the other hand, were transcribed as "yes", even if the speaker said e.g. yeah or yup

Hesitations - have been transcribed as ER, ERM, ERMM, UM, UMM, UHM, UHMM, UH, UHH, and UHHH

Collocations - such as "gonna", "wanna", "sorta" have been used 

Corrections to the transcripts were done in upper case so the transcripts are a combination of lower-case and upper-case letters.  Any interval containing an instance of a first name (unconnected to names which were clearly linked to the description of the picture) was replaced with [name deleted].

NOTE: A secondary task was additionally carried out during Diapix conversations. 
At random intervals, either talker heard one out of two possible auditory cues (either a dog barking or a car horn honking) to which they had to either react by pressing a bell (dog bark) or inhibit a response (car horn). 
Car horn/dog barks were presented at 80 dB so +8 dB in noise conditions and 30 dB in NORM.
Randomised order for each condition and each of the talkers (ie did not have the same sequence so they couldn’t copy each other’s presses). 
The audio files therefore include dog barks and car horn honks; the textgrid files include transcriptions of <BELL> to indicate a participant's bell press. 